hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
horror film final destination part two
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
the movie begins with tv news playing in
kimberly's room
the news talks about the case of flight
180 where alex's premonition allows
other people in the flight to evade
death
however the people who survive flight
180 die one after the other
as a result the broadcasters argue
whether the deaths of the survivors are
a coincidence or already planned by
death itself
in the end the other broadcaster firmly
holds his view that death has a plan and
it continuously lingers around us
the following day kimberly is about to
leave for a trip together with her
friends
then her father asked if she already has
the things needed for the trip
suddenly her friend chyna arrives and
jokingly asked kimberly in front of her
father she already brings any hormone
setups like whips and chains
then the two of them ride in the car and
drive away
meanwhile as the car leaves it leaves a
liquid that seems to be blood at the
garage as if the car forgets to wear
tampons
as a result kimberly's father appears to
be disturbed
in the next scene in a stoplight
kimberly together with china and their
stoner friends are sitting in a car
then a grandma knocks on their car's
window and drops soda cans on the ground
after that they proceed to drive on the
highway
on the highway kimberly sees rowdy's
students on a school bus
then she starts the radio
and the radio broadcasts the case of
flight 180.
kimberly seems to be uninterested and
switches the channel
in return the radio plays the song
highway to hell
after that jock guy in a card named evan
looks at them
then a chick in a motorcycle pulls up
her shirt and flashes her hormone
mountains towards them
it's a sight to see for her stoner
friends
behind them is a cop in a car named
thomas who alarms her stoner friends
suddenly a truck with huge logs passes
through them
in a few moments she sees a kid smashing
a toy car with his toy truck
meanwhile thomas is now behind the truck
with huge logs
then his coffee spills making him look
down
meanwhile the huge log from the truck
starts to fall
in an instant as he looks up the log
smashes him
then everyone on the highway appears to
crash one after the other
meanwhile kimberly's car crashes
then a huge truck comes towards the car
as the huge truck is about to hit her
the scene goes back to kimberly being in
the stoplight and everything is fine
in fact the highway accident happened
only in her mind
well back to reality a grandma knocks on
their car's window and drops soda cans
immediately kimberly plays the radio the
radio broadcasts the case of flight 180.
then kimberly switches the channel and
the song highway to hell plays
after that rowdy students in a school
bus pass through them
at that moment kimberly realizes that
her vision is a premonition that a
highway accident is about to happen
so she rushes to stop everyone in the
stoplight
as a result the cop thomas talks to her
she walks out of the car emotionally
narrates to thomas her vision about the
highway accident
then the death truck with a huge log
passes through them
in a few moments a huge accident happens
on the highway
after that a truck hits their car
killing her friends inside
later that day everyone in the stoplight
that evades the highway accident is in
the precinct together
in the precinct kimberly narrates to
thomas that she had a premonition of the
accident similar to the case of alex
from flight 180.
in response eugene tells in a grim way
that like in the case of flight 180s
survivors death will start to haunt them
again
after that he proceeds to scare tim and
nora
apparently it appears eugene does not
believe kimberly and is just being
sarcastic about it
in the end everyone leaves the precinct
the following day evan is in his house
turning on the stove and starts cooking
after that the women start calling on
his phone
apparently evan just won a lottery which
makes women call him
it seems that evan is the luckiest guy
since he just won the lottery
additionally women start calling him and
he is able to evade the accident
however as he talks to a woman on the
phone his new ring drops in the sinkhole
in response he puts his arms into the
sinkhole to grab the ring
however the sinkhole seems to be tight
and traps his arms
right then the pan in the stove starts
burning setting the house on fire
meanwhile he tries to pull his arms from
the sinkhole as hard as he can
luckily he is able to pull his arms and
escape the fire through the fire exit
shortly after as he jumps from the fire
escape he slips and falls to the ground
apparently he is lucky until the
metallic ladder from the fire exit falls
and smashes his face killing him in an
instant
in the next scene thomas is reading a
website regarding the survivors of
flight
180. the website reveals that alex died
in a brick accident
meanwhile kimberly also browses the
website about the survivors of flight
she finds out that clear is the only one
alive from the survivors of flight 180.
apparently clear is currently staying in
a psychiatric facility
the following day kimberly goes to clear
in the psychiatric facility
clear's room doesn't have any hard and
dangerous things inside which suggests
that she believes that death is still
haunting her
and to avoid death she surrenders
herself to the psychiatric facility that
keeps her safe
in the room she tells kimberly to watch
out for the signs to avoid death
additionally she informs kimberly about
the death list which is the order of
death
then kimberly asked her to help the
survivors of the accident
however clear refuses to do so
in the end kimberly angrily storms out
of the room
later thomas meets kimberly he tells her
that they need to gather up the
survivors of the accident
suddenly a group of pigeons ominously
appears to kimberly
then she realizes it is a sign that tim
is about to die
since tim is the next on death's list
meanwhile tim with his mother nora goes
to the dentist
in the dental clinic the aquarium leaks
which makes the sockets wet
then the dentist starts operating on tim
while pigeons keep hitting the windows
this makes the dentist attend to keep
the pigeons out and leaves tim
meanwhile tim is unable to move into the
operating room
then the oxygen tank turns off and a toy
fish drops to his mouth making him
unable to breathe
suddenly the nurse comes to save him
luckily tim does not experience a
painful death during a dental operation
since witnessing tim died during a
dental operation may make all of us dare
not to see the dentist anymore
it's a good thing that tim and norah
safely walk out of the dental clinic
outside kimberly and thomas arrived and
warned him about the pigeons
ironically this made
engines in front of him
then tim proceeds to run towards the
pigeons
suddenly a thick glass falls towards tim
which shatters him into pieces
in the next scene clear meets kimberly
and thomas
then she guides them towards the
mortician
just as they arrive there the mortician
is about to cremate the body of evan
clear asks the mortician to help them to
cheat on death's plan
additionally she fiercely tells the
mortician that death's plan can be
cheated
in response the mortician plucks the
nipple out of evan's dead body then the
mortician reveals to them that only new
life can beat death
in the end the mortician just grimly
smiles at them
later at the gas station the three of
them ponder upon the words of the
mortician that is new life beats death
suddenly kimberly has a vision of
herself drowning in a lake
then thomas remembers that there is a
pregnant woman among the survivors of
the accident
in response clear is able to make sense
of the mortician's advice that a new
life beats death since pregnancy forms a
new life
later in an office the three of them
review footage of a pregnant ladies van
from the highway
the name of the pregnant lady is
isabella
then thomas gets the plate number of the
van and reports it is stolen to the
police
in the next scene the three of them meet
the other survivors from the accident in
an apartment
clear convinces them to believe the
death's plan
additionally she tells the other
survivors they need to watch out for
each other in order to avoid death
meanwhile the policemen are able to
catch isabella in his van then the
policemen proceed to tell isabella that
her van is reported stolen
back at the apartment nor decides to go
home since she needs to plan a funeral
for her son tim
eugene also leaves since he does not
believe in death's plan
later the two of them are in an elevator
together with a man who holds mannequin
hands with hooks
meanwhile rory is able to see a sign of
a man with hooks
this means that a man with a hook is
going to kill nora
immediately thomas calls nora
back at the elevator nora's phone rings
and she drops it
as she picks up the phone her hair gets
attached to the hooks
she is unable to notice it
then she stands up and answers the phone
on the phone thomas warns her that a man
with a hook is going to kill her
as a response she runs outside of the
elevator in panic
however the hook pulls her head back
into the elevator
then while her head is in the elevator
the door closes
suddenly the elevator goes up and pulls
her up
meanwhile kate and clear arrive to help
her however in the end the elevator cuts
her head off
inside eugene cries like a child as he
witnesses the gruesome event
later eugene runs towards the apartment
while crying
then he gets the gun from thomas
in response thomas and rory try to calm
him down
it seems that eugene fears dying in a
painful death like nora
so he decides to kill himself with a gun
instead
however as he pulls the trigger it
appears that the gun has no bullets
after that kate and clear arrive in the
apartment
the following day all of them towards
isabel also cape drives for them
meanwhile in the precinct isabel is
about to give birth
immediately the cop and isabelle get out
of the precinct
then the two of them drive towards the
hospital
in the car isabel keeps bugging out the
cop to drive faster
back to the car driven by kate the tire
suddenly explodes making the car nearly
hit the van in front of them
apparently it is the van that carries
isabelle towards the hospital
in an attempt by kate to avoid the van
the car goes to a barn field
right then the log hits the car nearly
hitting kate
after that the car flies towards sharp
tubes
the sharp tubes pierce the car nearly
hitting kate again
inside eugene cannot breathe seemingly
having a lung problem
in response clear tells the people
around to call an ambulance
in a few moments the ambulance arrives
and takes eugene away
after that the news van arrives which
nearly hits a boy
luckily rory saves the boy from getting
hit then the news van hits a stone
causing a gas leak
meanwhile at the other side of the field
rory talks to kimberly about his
impending death
he gives his things to kimberly
then rory instructs kimberly that if
ever he dies she must get rid of his
x-rated film collection since he does
not want his mom to see it
apparently it seems that for rory his
mom finding out his x-rated film
collection is a lot scarier than a
painful death
after that rory walks away from her
meanwhile kate is trapped in the car by
the log
the rescuer uses a noisy tool to free
her from the car
then kate tells the rescuer to make the
tool quieter
in response the rescuer tells her that
he said it in a quiet mode
after that the rescuer strongly smashes
the tool to the log which activates the
airbag of the car
as a result the airbag pushes kate's
head to a sharp tube that pierces
through her head
then kate's cigarette falls and rolls
towards the leaking gas from the news
van
instantly the cigarette lit the gas
in a few moments the news van explodes
making the things around fly away
unfortunately barbed wire fence flies
towards rory cutting his body into
pieces
luckily rory is able to instruct
kimberly to get rid of his x-rated film
collection before he dies
this may mean that he dies peacefully
after that kimberly thomas and clear
rush towards isabelle
along the way kimberly gets a vision
that a doctor named calargian is choking
her
this makes them think that dr calagine
is about to choke isabel
a while later as they arrive at the
hospital the announcer calls for dr
calargion
immediately they try to find her
luckily thomas is able to find and stop
dr collardian
a few moments after kimberly and thomas
able to go towards isabel in the
operating room
there you witness isabel giving birth to
the child
they think that the childbirth of isabel
prevents death's plan
this makes them happily congratulate
isabel
however isabel does not know them
in response isabelle asks the cop who
the hell are these people
later in the hallway clear reunites with
thomas and kimberly
there kimberly remembers that isabelle
did not die in her vision of the highway
accident
this makes them realize that the
childbirth of isabel is unrelated to
death's plan
this however means that death's plan
continues
after that kimberly has a vision of a
bloody hand in the white van in the lake
as clear hears kimberly's vision she
rushes towards eugene's room in the
hospital
meanwhile kimberly keeps thinking about
the mortician's advice that a new life
beats death
at the same time clear arrives at the
room at the end of the hallway
there she sees eugene
in response she opens the door to check
him
as soon as she opens the door the
hospital machine is set on fire and
explodes which kills her
in the hallway kimberly cries as she
witnesses the explosion
suddenly there is blood in her hands
similar to her visions
after that she thinks about the things
in her visions including doctor
calarjean the white van and the lake
then she tries to relate it to the
phrase new life
after that kimberly realizes that she
needs to die to stop death's plan
as a result she immediately drives the
white van towards the lake
in response thomas rushes towards
kimberly in order to save her
under the lake she is drowning inside
the van
then thomas tries hard to open the door
of the van but fails to do so
in response he smashes his gun to the
window
meanwhile kimberly gets unconscious and
has a flashback of his visions
in the next scene dr calardian is trying
to save kimberly in the hospital
it appears that kimberly is mistaken in
the interpretation of her vision at
first
that is dr kolajin is not trying to kill
kimberly but instead she's trying to
save her
in the end dr calargion is able to save
kimberly
additionally it appears in the film that
kimberly dies in the lake and has a new
life after dr calargion saves her
this gives sense to the advice of the
mortician that a new life beats death
this means that in the end she seemingly
cheated death through her attempt to
drown herself
the movie ends where kimberly and thomas
are eating in a backyard together with a
farmer's family
then the son goes to check the barbecue
after that the farmer shares with them
that a news van nearly hits his son
luckily rory saves his son
after hearing the story thomas and
kimberly seemingly know what is about to
happen
then they look at the sun in the
barbecue stand
suddenly a barbecue explodes then the
arm of the sun flies to their table
making the farmer's wife scream
in the end the son's arm appears to be a
tasty steak on their table
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out